EuG SMEs feedback (#1437)
eclipse/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/assembly_customizing-developer-environments.adoc

.{prod-short} extensibility
image::extensibility/extending-che.png[link="{imagesdir}/extensibility/extending-che.png"]

> Extending {prod-short} can be done entirely using {prod-short}. Since version {prod-ver-major}, {prod-short} provides a self-hosting mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extending {prod-short} can be done entirely using {prod-short}. Since version 7, {prod-short} provides a self-hosting mode.
```
